Add employment guides (#720)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf/content/guides/employability/cvs/cv-layout/index.md

---
title: CV layout

> description: Connecting a client to a database on Render

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Format your CV for success
```

emoji: 🔌
weight: 4
---

## CV layout

> The layout of the CV should be right for the role you're applying for. An accountant's CV can be boring, and a creative's CV can be more visually appealing. For your CV, the content is king. Layout and eye-appeal is secondary and in many cases can detract from the content. Your CV should be a single column. 2-column CVs should be avoided. Applicant Tracking Systems often mess up column formatting, making your CV unreadable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layout of the CV should be right for the role you're applying for. An accountant's CV can be boring, and a creative's CV can be more visually appealing. For your CV, the content is king. Layout and eye-appeal is secondary and in many cases can detract from the content. 

Your CV should be a single column. Avoid 2-column layouts. 

Applicant Tracking Systems often mess up column formatting, making your CV unreadable.
```
